READMOI.MD, before:

# asdf
## Description <br>
asdf <br>
## Table of contents <br>
[Installation](#installation) <br>
[Usage](#usage) <br>
[License](#license) <br>
[Contribution Guidelines](#Contribution-Guidelines) <br>
[Questions](#questions) <br>

## Installation <br>
ff <br>
## Usage <br>
fgg <br>
## License <br>
Copyright <2023> <[magicianjoshua](https://github.com/magicianjoshua)> <br>
        

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy 
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), 
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software. 
        
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. <br> 
## Contribution Guidelines <br> 
asdfg <br>
## Questions <br> 
If you have any additional questions please feel free to contact me here joshuajordyn@hotmail.com

Commit message:

added the badge feature that is shown at the top next to the title

READMOI.MD, after:

# README generator ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)
## Description <br>
This readme is for the node.js app that generates readme files in the terminal <br>
## Table of contents <br>
[Installation](#installation-) <br>
[Usage](#usage-) <br>
[License](#license-) <br>
[Contribution Guidelines](#Contribution-Guidelines-) <br>
[Questions](#questions-) <br>

## Installation <br>
You must have inquirer v8.2.4 downloaded, once its downloaded you are good to go <br>
## Usage <br>
The command line will prompt you with questions and you answer them  <br>
## License <br>
Copyright <2023> <[Magicianjoshua](https://github.com/Magicianjoshua)> <br>
        

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy 
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), 
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software. 
        
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. <br> 
## Contribution Guidelines <br> 
Contact my email provided in the questions section <br>
## Questions <br> 
Here is a link to my github account [Magicianjoshua](https://github.com/Magicianjoshua)
If you have any additional questions please feel free to contact me here joshuajordyn@hotmail.com
